feat: update worker overview (#224)
runpod/docs: docs/serverless/workers/overview.md

description: "RunPod is a cloud-based platform for managed function execution, offering fully managed infrastructure, automatic scaling, flexible language support, and seamless integration, allowing developers to focus on code and deploy it easily."
---

A single compute resource that processes requests. Each endpoint can have multiple workers, enabling parallel processing of multiple requests simultaneously

> ### Total Workers

Reviewer: Section headers should start with H2 rather than H3 (this is a problem throughout our docs right now, but just for future reference)

> ### Total Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Total workers
```

> Total Workers refers to the maximum number of workers available to your account. The sum of the max workers assigned across all your endpoints cannot exceed this limit. If you run out of total workers, please reach out to us by [creating a support ticket](https://contact.runpod.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of workers available to your account. The sum of the max workers assigned across all your endpoints cannot exceed this limit. If you run out of total workers, please reach out to us by [creating a support ticket](https://contact.runpod.io/).
```

> ### Max Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Max workers
```

> Max workers set the upper limit on the number of workers your endpoint can run simultaneously.

Reviewer: Should we add "not including extra workers" here? Because I definitely have an endpoint with max workers set to 3 but with 5 workers available

Default: 3

> ### Active (Min) Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Active (min) workers
```

“Always on” workers. Setting active workers to 1 or more ensures that a worker is always ready to respond to job requests without cold start delays.

Default: 0

:::note

Active workers incur charges as soon as you enable them (set to >0), but they come with a discount of up to 30% off the regular price.

:::

> ### Flex Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Flex workers
```

> Flex Workers are “sometimes on” workers that help scale your endpoint during traffic surges. They are often referred to as idle workers since they spend most of their time in an idle state. Once a flex worker completes a job, it transitions to idle or sleep mode to save costs. You can adjust the idle timeout to keep them running a little longer, reducing cold start delays when new requests arrive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flex workers are “sometimes on” workers that help scale your endpoint during traffic surges. They are often referred to as idle workers since they spend most of their time in an idle state. Once a flex worker completes a job, it transitions to idle or sleep mode to save costs. You can adjust the idle timeout to keep them running a little longer, reducing cold start delays when new requests arrive.
```

Default: Max Workers(3) - Active Workers(0) = 3

### Extra Workers

> RunPod caches your worker’s Docker image on our host servers, ensuring faster scalability. If you experience a traffic spike, you can increase the max number of workers, and extra workers will be immediately added as part of the flex workers to handle the increased demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your workers' Docker images are cached on RunPod's host servers, ensuring faster scalability. If you experience a traffic spike, you can increase the max number of workers, and extra workers will be immediately added as part of the flex workers to handle the increased demand.
```

Default: 2

> ### Worker States

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Worker states
```
